# Final-Project-PDS

Goal of this project is to analyze the employee evaluations of an any specific organisation, It’s difficult to hone in on employee sentiment no remember what size the organisation, however large, complex establishments have a unique challenge. Sentiment analysis software program takes a seem at all worker survey responses and shortly determines the “why” behind the engagement ratings.
People discuss and talk about the most diverse topics in social media platform, including about their jobs. This results in a stream of employee-related data, and organisations are increasingly interested in making sense of this data on an on going basis in order  to  access key factors such as employee engagement, retention and satisfaction.  In  this  project we are going to estimate such factors from different sentiments that are implicit in employee communication in online platform. We collected a large set  of  employee reviews form the social platform called glass doors on an particular organisation, here in glass doors website the reviews of an employers are easily available but we cannot directly download it into some file, for that we need to scrap the data i. e by using web scrapping technique we can easily scrap, here instead of developing a program to scrap we used a readymade tool called “web harvy”  then we took whole data into  sentence  level type, where the each sentence is analysed. In our implementation, the reviews are collected and it is prepared as text corpus and is given as input to our programme.
Since it is the text corpus and comes under unlabelled data, we found it more comfortable in solving this through lexicon based approach where an external dictionary is being used in finding the polarity of the text. The text corpus includes positive, negative and neutral feedback of an organization “AMAZON”. This approach uses  word matching based  on lexicon.
